<!--
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

      ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

      This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
      changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

      Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
      CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-->

---
title: About the Instance resource
platform: gcp
---

## Syntax
A `google_compute_instance` is used to test a Google Instance resource

TODO: Examples

## Properties
Properties that can be accessed from the `google_compute_instance` resource:
  * `can_ip_forward`: Allows this instance to send and receive packets with non-matching
destination or source IPs. This is required if you plan to use this
instance to forward routes.

  * `cpu_platform`: The CPU platform used by this instance.
  * `creation_timestamp`: Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
  * `disks`: An array of disks that are associated with the instances that are
created from this template.

    * `autoDelete`: Specifies whether the disk will be auto-deleted when the
instance is deleted (but not when the disk is detached from
the instance).

Tip: Disks should be set to autoDelete=true
so that leftover disks are not left behind on machine
deletion.

    * `boot`: Indicates that this is a boot disk. The virtual machine will
use the first partition of the disk for its root filesystem.

    * `deviceName`: Specifies a unique device name of your choice that is
reflected into the /dev/disk/by-id/google-* tree of a Linux
operating system running within the instance. This name can
be used to reference the device for mounting, resizing, and
so on, from within the instance.

    * `diskEncryptionKey`: Encrypts or decrypts a disk using a customer-supplied
encryption key.

    * `index`: Assigns a zero-based index to this disk, where 0 is
reserved for the boot disk. For example, if you have many
disks attached to an instance, each disk would have a
unique index number. If not specified, the server will
choose an appropriate value.

    * `initializeParams`: Specifies the parameters for a new disk that will be
created alongside the new instance. Use initialization
parameters to create boot disks or local SSDs attached to
the new instance.

    * `interface`: Specifies the disk interface to use for attaching this
disk, which is either SCSI or NVME. The default is SCSI.
Persistent disks must always use SCSI and the request will
fail if you attempt to attach a persistent disk in any
other format than SCSI.

    * `mode`: The mode in which to attach this disk, either READ_WRITE or
READ_ONLY. If not specified, the default is to attach the
disk in READ_WRITE mode.

    * `source`: Reference to a gcompute_disk resource. When creating a new instance,
one of initializeParams.sourceImage or disks.source is required.

If desired, you can also attach existing non-root
persistent disks using this property. This field is only
applicable for persistent disks.

    * `type`: Specifies the type of the disk, either SCRATCH or
PERSISTENT. If not specified, the default is PERSISTENT.
  * `guest_accelerators`: List of the type and count of accelerator cards attached to the
instance

    * `acceleratorCount`: The number of the guest accelerator cards exposed to this
instance.

    * `acceleratorType`: Full or partial URL of the accelerator type resource to expose
to this instance.
  * `id`: The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by
the server.

  * `label_fingerprint`: A fingerprint for this request, which is essentially a hash of the
metadata's contents and used for optimistic locking. The fingerprint
is initially generated by Compute Engine and changes after every
request to modify or update metadata. You must always provide an
up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to update or change metadata.

  * `metadata`: The metadata key/value pairs to assign to instances that are
created from this template. These pairs can consist of custom
metadata or predefined keys.

  * `machine_type`: A reference to a machine type which defines VM kind.
  * `min_cpu_platform`: Specifies a minimum CPU platform for the VM instance. Applicable
values are the friendly names of CPU platforms

  * `name`: The name of the resource, provided by the client when initially
creating the resource. The resource name must be 1-63 characters long,
and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63
characters long and match the regular expression
`[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the first character must be a
lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash,
lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot
be a dash.

  * `network_interfaces`: An array of configurations for this interface. This specifies
how this interface is configured to interact with other
network services, such as connecting to the internet. Only
one network interface is supported per instance.

    * `accessConfigs`: An array of configurations for this interface. Currently, only
one access config, ONE_TO_ONE_NAT, is supported. If there are no
accessConfigs specified, then this instance will have no
external internet access.

    * `aliasIpRanges`: An array of alias IP ranges for this network interface. Can
only be specified for network interfaces on subnet-mode
networks.

    * `name`: The name of the network interface, generated by the
server. For network devices, these are eth0, eth1, etc

    * `network`: Specifies the title of an existing gcompute_network.  When creating
an instance, if neither the network nor the subnetwork is specified,
the default network global/networks/default is used; if the network
is not specified but the subnetwork is specified, the network is
inferred.

    * `networkIP`: An IPv4 internal network address to assign to the
instance for this network interface. If not specified
by the user, an unused internal IP is assigned by the
system.

    * `subnetwork`: Reference to a gcompute_subnetwork resource.
If the network resource is in legacy mode, do not
provide this property.  If the network is in auto
subnet mode, providing the subnetwork is optional. If
the network is in custom subnet mode, then this field
should be specified.
  * `scheduling`: Sets the scheduling options for this instance.
    * `automaticRestart`: Specifies whether the instance should be automatically restarted
if it is terminated by Compute Engine (not terminated by a user).
You can only set the automatic restart option for standard
instances. Preemptible instances cannot be automatically
restarted.

    * `onHostMaintenance`: Defines the maintenance behavior for this instance. For standard
instances, the default behavior is MIGRATE. For preemptible
instances, the default and only possible behavior is TERMINATE.
For more information, see Setting Instance Scheduling Options.

    * `preemptible`: Defines whether the instance is preemptible. This can only be set
during instance creation, it cannot be set or changed after the
instance has been created.
  * `service_accounts`: A list of service accounts, with their specified scopes, authorized
for this instance. Only one service account per VM instance is
supported.

    * `email`: Email address of the service account.
    * `scopes`: The list of scopes to be made available for this service
account.
  * `status`: The status of the instance. One of the following values:
PROVISIONING, STAGING, RUNNING, STOPPING, SUSPENDING, SUSPENDED,
and TERMINATED.

  * `status_message`: An optional, human-readable explanation of the status.
  * `tags`: A list of tags to apply to this instance. Tags are used to identify
valid sources or targets for network firewalls and are specified by
the client during instance creation. The tags can be later modified
by the setTags method. Each tag within the list must comply with
RFC1035.

    * `fingerprint`: Specifies a fingerprint for this request, which is essentially a
hash of the metadata's contents and used for optimistic locking.
The fingerprint is initially generated by Compute Engine and
changes after every request to modify or update metadata. You
must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash in order to
update or change metadata.

    * `items`: An array of tags. Each tag must be 1-63 characters long, and
comply with RFC1035.
