<!--
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

      ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

      This file is automatically generated by Magic Modules and manual
      changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

      Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
      CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
-->

---
title: About the Zone resource
platform: gcp
---

## Syntax
A `google_compute_zone` is used to test a Google Zone resource

TODO: Examples

## Properties
Properties that can be accessed from the `google_compute_zone` resource:
  * `creation_timestamp`: Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
  * `deprecated`: The deprecation status associated with this machine type.
    * `deleted`: An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
resource is intended to change to DELETED. This is only
informational and the status will not change unless the client
explicitly changes it.

    * `deprecated`: An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
resource is intended to change to DEPRECATED. This is only
informational and the status will not change unless the client
explicitly changes it.

    * `obsolete`: An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
resource is intended to change to OBSOLETE. This is only
informational and the status will not change unless the client
explicitly changes it.

    * `replacement`: The URL of the suggested replacement for a deprecated resource.
The suggested replacement resource must be the same kind of
resource as the deprecated resource.

    * `state`: The deprecation state of this resource. This can be DEPRECATED,
OBSOLETE, or DELETED. Operations which create a new resource
using a DEPRECATED resource will return successfully, but with a
warning indicating the deprecated resource and recommending its
replacement. Operations which use OBSOLETE or DELETED resources
will be rejected and result in an error.
  * `description`: An optional textual description of the resource.
  * `id`: The unique identifier for the resource.
  * `name`: Name of the resource.
  * `region`: The region where the zone is located.
  * `status`: The status of the zone.
